[MOB-1000] update documentation around push integration names (and some style corrections) (#234)
Iterable/swift-sdk: README.md

    
```swift
let config = IterableConfig()
IterableAPI.initialize(apiKey: "<your-api-key>", launchOptions: launchOptions, config: config)
```
    
*Objective-C*
    
```objc
IterableConfig *config = [[IterableConfig alloc] init];
[IterableAPI initializeWithApiKey:@"<your-api-key>" launchOptions:launchOptions config:config]
```

> > &#x26A0; In past versions of the SDK, the `pushIntegrationName` needed to be set, but this is not necessary anymore, unless the config is referencing an existing integration or you have custom integration names. By default, the `pushIntegrationName` is set to the bundle ID of the app; this is what we recommend. To view your existing integrations, navigate to **Settings > Mobile Apps**.

Reviewer: Took a crack at this...

```suggestion
> &#x26A0; In prior versions of the SDK, it was necessary to explicitly set the 
> `IterableAPI.pushIntegrationName` property. This property now defaults to 
> the bundle ID of the app, so it's no longer necessary modify it unless you're
> using a custom integration name (different from the bundle ID). To view your 
> existing integrations, navigate to **Settings > Mobile Apps**.
```

To do this, Iterable sends a silent push notification some time (currently, 12 hours) after a campaign has been sent. Based on this silent push notification, if Iterable receives feedback that the device token is no longer valid, it assigns an uninstall to the device based on the prior campaign. Similarly, if a "real" campaign uncovers an invalid device token, it will also check for a prior (within 12 hours) campaign to mark as the cause for the uninstall. If there was no recent campaign, Iterable still tracks the uninstall, but does not attribute it to a campaign.

> > &#x26A0; Currently, Apple has changed the way device tokens expire, so they may take up to 8 days to detect if they are invalid. This does mean that uninstall tracking may not be accurately attributable to campaigns sent within that period of time.

Reviewer: Maybe get rid of the word "Currently" here?
